###TV NASIONAL###
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INDONESIA" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png",Trans 7
https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/index.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.org

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/541aydqr502xl5z/mnctv.png", MNC TV
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TransTV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/FzYVzzxx/transtv.png" tvg-name" TRANS TV" group-title="Nasional", Trans TV
https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/index.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.org

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/eqbvbf28z4cj4zw/indosiar.png", INDOSIAR
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h207/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INDONESIA" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png",ANTV
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h235/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/62ryx1k6tdaeygm/rcti.png", RCTI
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/acfrk26rhbaqpqd/sctv.png" group-title="LOKAL", SCTV
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h217/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/fcc2sbh556rtp08/gtv.png", GTV
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="INDONESIA" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h223/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/gw7a9w0miy795vy/rtv.png", RTV
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tv-name="TVRI" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/1RFKknf9/tvri.png" group-title="Berita", TVRI Nasional
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h237/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tv-name="Metro TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/nhFY93Tz/metro-tv.png" group-title="Berita", Metro TV
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h211/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/vxm41wbiyfmhbx1/inews.png", INEWS
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/Bb5HXFKH/tvone.png" group-title="Berita", TVOne
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h224/02.m3u8
 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tv-name="Kompas TV" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/MKx1g9CD/kompas-tv.png" group-title="Berita", Kompas TV
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h234/02.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/qqrCV75R/cnn-indonesia.png" group-title="Berita", CNN Indonesia
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_kamiselaluada_b384000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tv-name="Berita Satu" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/jdZnmtQx/berita-satu.png" group-title="Berita", BTV
https://b1news.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1News_960x540.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh 
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/XYPGNLzt/cnbc-indonesia.png" group-title="Berita", CNBC Indonesia
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_kamiselaluada_b384000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDQzYTRlODMtMGE2Mi0zNTNlLWFlMzctZjUxNDk4NDliYjM5
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="NEWS" tvg-id="IDX.id" tvg-url="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg",IDX
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Lokal" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/ja4t9tvfvk4oupi/moji.png", MOJI
#EXTVLCOPT:http-user-agent=Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64; rv:101.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/101.0 
http://op-group1-swiftservesd-1.dens.tv/s/s41/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/omsox8tmmfq6jwb/daaitv.png", DAAI TV
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="" group-title="Lokal", Nusantara TV
https://nusantaratv.siar.us/nusantaratv/live/chunks.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/sgo7owplmt5j7sl/jaktv.png", JakTV
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/nrqmfDgX/jitv-logo.png" group-title="Lokal", JITV Yogyakarta
https://mam.jogjaprov.go.id:1937/tv/jitv_720p/chunklist_w1252882926.m3u8
http://103.255.15.222:1935/tv/jitv/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Indonesia Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/svda56px53dzs70/jtv.png", JTV
http://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTx36T9IUtRWqGIlW0sg_RHPFOfVedmjZH9zrPqEunf&s" group-title="Lokal",Tegar TV Lampung
http://wms.klikhost.com:1935/tegartv/tegartv/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_93.png",Quran TV
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MQTV.id" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/d8dQo6E.png" group-title="Reigi",MQTV
https://5bf7b725107e5.streamlock.net/mqtv/mqtv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_rodjatv_big1.png?v=2.0.0.13", Rodja TV
http://op-group1-swiftservehd-1.dens.tv/h/h233/02.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/JnvZ02GV/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV
https://streaming.radiosalamjambi.com/izzahtv.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="RELIGI"group-title="RELIGI" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/45lg2dmiccusryz/tvmu.png", TV Muhammadiyah
http://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_12.png",Galaxy Premium
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_13.png",Galaxy
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/KIX_LOGO_150x150.jpg",KIX
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/thrill_150x150px.jpg",Thrill
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png",Celestial Movies Indonesia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MOVIES" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png",Celestial Classic Movies
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cinema_world_asia.png",CinemaWorld
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-id="mycinema.id" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_mycinema_small.png",My Cinema
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-id="mycinemaasia.id" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/logo_mycinemaasia_big.png?v=1",My Cinema Asia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/MyCinema-Asia/sa_dash_vmx/MyCinema-Asia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_14.png",IMC
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Korean Channels" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_109.png",TVN Movies Indonesia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Korean Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/o3oc07hz412yo99/one.png", One
http://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Korean Channels" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/gs3h06lqhrzz6kz/tvn.png", tvN
http://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Premium Movies" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/3povdgdi9j6wc63/zeebioskop.png", Zee Bioskop
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge & Documentary" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_206.png",History Asia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge & Documentary" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bbc_earth150x150.jpg",BBC Earth Asia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDQzYTRlODMtMGE2Mi0zNTNlLWFlMzctZjUxNDk4NDliYjM5
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge & Documentary" tvg-id="NationalGeographic" tvg-url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hendroagung2904/JejeVisionEpg/main/JejeVisionEpg.xml" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_450.png",National Geographic
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MDQzYTRlODMtMGE2Mi0zNTNlLWFlMzctZjUxNDk4NDliYjM5
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NatGeoWild" tvg-url="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hendroagung2904/JejeVisionEpg/main/JejeVisionEpg.xml" tvg-name="NationalGeographicWildIndonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_463.png" group-title="Knowledge & Documentary",Nat Geo Wild
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/Z/zoomoo-logo-FA728C7940-seeklogo.com.png",ZooMoo
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cbeebies_150.png",CBeebies Asia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_46.png",Kids TV
https://ntestfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/miawme150x150.jpg",Miao Mi
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickjr.jpg",Nick Jr Asia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nickelodeon.png",Nickelodeon South East Asia
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="DreamWorks" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_47.png" group-title="Kids",DreamWorks
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/Dreamwork-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Dreamwork-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_50.jpg" group-title="Kids",My Kidz
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/My-Kids/sa_dash_vmx/My-Kids.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_102.png",Sportstars
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.png",Sportstars 2
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",Sportstars 3
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.png",Sportstars 4
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/Sportstar4/sa_dash_vmx/Sportstar4.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_307.png",SPOTV
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_308.png",SPOTV2
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTVLCOPT:http-referrer=https://visionplus.id
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightsport.jpg",Fight Sports
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=OTFmNDAwZWEtZjI5OC0zNTAzLWE0NzktZWI2NGIxMjRmMGFm
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/royqep3xryxyqtv/soccer.png" group-title="Sports", Soccer Channel
https://testfunctionlive.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-test/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-test.mpd|Referer=https://www.visionplus.id/
